# Coinbase Node.js SDK Changelog

### Unreleased

- Add `deployContract` method to `WalletAddress` and `Wallet` to deploy an arbitrary contract.

## [0.14.0] - 2025-01-14

### Added
- Add `skipBatching` option to `Wallet.createTransfer` to allow for lower latency gasless transfers.

## [0.13.0] - 2024-12-19

### Added
- Add support for registering, updating, and listing smart contracts that are
  deployed external to CDP.
- Add support for fetching address reputation
  - Add `reputation` method to `Address` to fetch the reputation of the address
- Add `networkId` to `WalletData` so that it is saved with the seed data and surfaced via the export function
- Add ability to import external wallets into CDP via a BIP-39 mnemonic phrase, as a 1-of-1 wallet
- Add ability to import WalletData files exported by the Python CDP SDK
- Add getters for `Validator` object to expose more data to users.
- Add test file for `Validator` object.

### Deprecated
- Deprecate `Wallet.loadSeed()` method in favor of `Wallet.loadSeedFromFile()`
- Deprecate `Wallet.saveSeed()` method in favor of `Wallet.saveSeedToFile()`

## [0.12.0] - Skipped

### [0.11.3] - 2024-12-10

### Added

- Wallet address contract invocation input validation for payable contracts.

### [0.11.2] - 2024-12-04

### Added

- Add `listFundOperations` method to `Wallet` and `WalletAddress` to list the fund operations associated with the wallet or address.
- Updated `fund` and `quoteFund` methods to take `CreateFundOptions` object instead of individual parameters.

## [0.11.1] - 2024-11-29

### Fixed
- Support setting `source` and `sourceVersion` correlation data via `Coinbase.configure()`

## [0.11.0] - 2024-11-27

### Added
- Add support for funding wallets (Alpha feature release)
  - Must reach out to CDP SDK Discord channel to be considered for this feature.
- Add `rlp_encoded_tx` field to `EthereumTransaction` interface
- Added create and update feature for `SmartContractEventActivity` webhook and its related event type filter.

### Fixed
- Fixed a bug where the asset ID was not being set correctly for Gwei and Wei

## [0.10.0] - 2024-10-31

### Added
- Add support for async faucet transactions i.e. using `faucetTx.wait()` to wait for the transaction to be confirmed.

## [0.9.1] - 2024-10-18

### Fixed
- Fixed a bug where readContract was not working for nested types

## [0.9.0] - 2024-10-17

### Added
- Support for readContract to read from smart contracts

## [0.8.1] - 2024-10-09

### Fixed
- Fixed a bug that overwrites existing webhook notification URI when only updating a webhook's addresses

## [0.8.0] - 2024-10-04

### Added
- Explicit paginated list methods for listing `Wallet`, `Transfer`, `Transaction`, `Webhook`, `PayloadSignature`, and `HistoricalBalance`.

### Breaking
- `Webhook#update` now takes an Object of `{notificationUri, eventTypeFilter}` instead of `notificationUri` string
- list methods for listing `Wallet`, `Transfer`, `Transaction`, `Webhook`, `PayloadSignature`, and `HistoricalBalance` now take `PaginationOptions` and return `PaginationResponse<T>`

## [0.7.0] - 2024-09-26

### Added
- Add `deployNFT` method to `WalletAddress` and `Wallet` to deploy an ERC721, updated `SmartContract` class to support deployment and fetching contract details
- Add `deployMultiToken` method to `WalletAddress` and `Wallet` to deploy an ERC1155, updated `SmartContract` class to support deployment and fetching contract details
- Add `createWebhook` method to `Wallet` to deploy a wallet activity webhook, updated `Webhook` class to disallow users from specifying webhook signature. Webhook signature is now generated by the API.

## [0.6.1] - 2024-09-23

### Added
- Export all missing types in `src/index`

## [0.6.0] - 2024-09-18

### Added
- Add `deployToken` method to `WalletAddress` and `Wallet` to deploy an ERC20, updated `SmartContract` class to support deployment and fetching contract details
- Add SOL asset support
- Fix a bug where large numbers were being returned in scientific notation

### Breaking
- `Asset#toAtomicAmount` now returns a BigInt instead of a Decimal

## [0.5.1] - 2024-09-12

### Fixed
- Fixed a bug that blocked arbitrum mainnet wallets from being created

## [0.5.0] - 2024-09-11

- Add Arbitrum-Mainnet support for Native transfers.
- Add `Coinbase.configure` method to allow for configuration of the SDK and marked constructor as deprecated.
- Return correlation ID from APIError response
- Add optional fields to `CreateContractInvocationOptions` to set amount for payable contract method invocations
- Add a `StakingRewardFormat` enum to allow for specifying the format in which staking rewards should be returned.

## [0.4.0] - 2024-09-06

### Changed
- `getDefaultAddress` wallet method updated to return a promise, and `getAddress` wallet methods now return a promise and `WalletAddress` instead of `Address`. Both functions will now fetch addresses for the wallet if they haven't been loaded.

## [0.3.0] - 2024-09-05

### Added

- Add support for list address transactions.
- Add support for exporting the private key of a `WalletAddress`
- Add support for creating arbitrary payload signatures.
- Add support for invoking Smart Contracts using MPC and Developer-managed Wallets.

## [0.2.0]

### Added

- USDC Faucet support on Base Sepolia
- Improved error messages for `InternalError`

## [0.1.1] - 2024-08-27

- Fixed a bug where `listHistoricalBalances` method was parsing conventional ETH balances instead of atomic units

## [0.1.0] - 2024-08-22

### Added

- Add `listHistoricalBalances` wallet method, that lists the historical balances for the wallet's default address.
- Add toAddressId() method to Transaction class

### Removed

- Remove user concept from the SDK
- Remove "pending" status from StakingOperationStatusEnum
- Add staking operation class helper methods like `isTerminalState`, `isFailedState` and `isCompleteState`.
- Add validator status enum

### Changed

- The `createTransfer` and `createTrade` functions no longer wait for the transactions to confirm or
  fail on-chain.
  - Now they return a `Transfer` and `Trade` object respectively, which support the `wait`
    function, e.g. `await transfer.wait()`.
  - This ensures that the developer has a reference to the object in case there is a timeout while
    waiting to land on-chain.
- Update `reload()` method to work with both External and Wallet address.
- Update `createStakingOperation` logic to make sure we only pull in newer unsigned txs from the server.
  This is especially important for External Address use-case where tx signing and broadcast status is maintained on client side, and we risk overwriting the existing txs.
- Increase default timeout for `createStakingOperation` to 10 min.

## [0.0.16] - 2024-08-14

### Added

- Add Function `listHistoricalBalances` for `Address` for fetching historical balances for an asset
- Support for retrieving historical staking balances information
- USD value conversion details to the StakingReward object
- Gasless USDC Sends
- Support for Ethereum-Mainnet and Polygon-Mainnet

## [0.0.15] - 2024-08-12

### Changed

- Fixed `Wallet` address hydration for `Wallet.import`

## [0.0.14] - 2024-08-05

### Added

- Support for Shared ETH Staking for Wallet Addresses

### Changed

- `unsigned_payload`, `signed_payload`, `status`, and `transaction_hash` in-line fields on `Transfer` are deprecated in favor of those on `Transaction`

## [0.0.13] - 2024-07-30

### Added

- Support for trade with MPC Server-Signer
- `CreateTradeOptions` type

## [0.0.12] - 2024-07-24

### Changed
- Expose `Validator` class

## [0.0.11] - 2024-07-24

### Changed
- Fixed signer wallets signing flow

## [0.0.10] - 2024-07-23

### Added

- Add support for Dedicated ETH Staking for external addresses
- Add support for listing validator details and fetch details of a specific validator

### Changed
- Improved accessibility for `StakingReward` and `StakingOperation` classes
- Fixed a bug with `StakingOperation.sign` method, where we were not properly waiting on a Promise
- Changed `buildStakeOperation`, `buildUnstakeOperation`, and `buildClaimRewardsOperation` to take `mode` as an explicit parameter optional parameter

## [0.0.9] - 2024-06-26

### Added

- `CreateTransferOptions` type
- Support external addresses for balance fetching and requesting faucet funds.
- Support for building staking operations
- Support for retrieving staking rewards information
- Add support for listing address trades via address.listTrades

## [0.0.8] - 2024-06-18

### Added

- Support assets dynamically from the backend without SDK changes.

## [0.0.7] - 2024-06-11

### Added

- Added Base Mainnet network support
- `ServerSigner` object
- Ability to get default Server-Signer

### Changed

Updated the usage of `Coinbase.networkList` to `Coinbase.networks`

## [0.0.6] - 2024-06-03

### Added

- Ability to create wallets backed by server signers and transfer with them
- Changed save_wallet to save_seed
- Changed load_wallets to load_seed and moved at wallet level

### Changed

- Changed save_wallet to save_seed
- Changed load_wallets to load_seed and moved at wallet level

## [0.0.4] - 2024-05-28

### Added

Initial release of the Coinbase NodeJS.

- Supported networks: Base Sepolia
- Wallet create and import
- Address management
- Send and receive ETH, ETC-20s
- Ability to hydrate wallets
- API Key-based authentication
- API HTTP debugging
- User object and getDefaultUser
- Individual private key export
- Error specifications
